Hey, we are two engineers we do science in one of the oldest professions the one the oldest professions what engineers
In Sandy, maybe use paying lol, you know the company you invested in that does exactly this. Yeah, I know I gotta set it up. I just have
All the best features are hidden because they're all like secret query parameters. Yeah, I just like don't I just haven't Oh, you don't even know what I don't know, you know, I'd set up in my OBS, but I
Uh, my for whatever reason my OBS settings and all my twitch stuff every time I come back to it nothing works
And it's like I have to start over. It's like my new event my new event is so busted right now
Like for the I don't know 12th time. I'm trying to get prettier and Astro to work in my new of them
It's insane how many times this breaks wait, but what are you changing? Are you changing? I'm not I'm not changing anything
I just want to say well, okay, I updated all the packages. I want to update it to Neil them 0.9
Yeah, why does everything break? I did have a little bit of issue is 0.9, but it wasn't that bad
Yeah, I just I did the thing this morning
I was like, okay an hour
I'm spending an hour just making things better because I had just been like plugging through it and like every time
I save a file I get two alerts and like whatever just dealing with it finally I I cleaned all that up
But I still don't have prettier working with Astro just the whole like prettier
TypeScript all the things getting them to work together node whatever all of it
Why is it so hard? Why do I spend so much of my brain cycles thinking about the stupidest stuff in the world like formatting?
Yeah, I know I think I I I have everything working, but I know my setup isn't correct. It was a good better setup
So I copied yours. So that's my problem. Mine works. And that's the reason I'm in touch. No mine doesn't
Can you please after this podcast or maybe right now? Could you please save an astro file dot astro file and see if prettier runs?
Oh, you know what? Yes, there was an issue with this. Yeah, there was an issue
And I did fix it and I can't remember how did you not push the change to your environment repo?
I gotta look I gotta look okay. Maybe you just have a local change that will we'll fix things for me
I hope so prettier is one of those things where I'm like people love rewriting everything and rust
So there's rewrite stuff and rust for no reason. Please rewrite prettier and rust. That's like actually useful
It's so slow. Is it someone doing that like the versatile team with turbo pack or something? I saw
Okay, well, there's there's like a few people always like me to stuff, but it's never
There was that Rome tools company that was that built that spent like five million dollars to build a
Formatter and Russ and then promptly died
That's kind of good. Yeah, I think I've seen like a few a handful of things
I don't know if Vercel is working on a
faster formatter I
Don't I didn't see it anywhere. I use prettier d I do it. I don't know that like I just wish it would all work
I just wish I never had to think about it again and every time I saved a file on my machine
It would format it with prettier like it always should that's another thing. I like I love astro, but I
Hate the fact that there's like a whole set of new tooling required and that just means
I've had a lot of issues with the LSP and with everything else. Yeah. Yeah, it's like one
It's like you introduce one new change, but then it interacts with all the other tools like one-to-one
So you have like just way more points that can break
I appreciate some of the astro file stuff
But to be honest, I would be I would have been okay with just like writing a normal JavaScript file and like declaring
All the stuff at the top and exporting you're saying declaring all the markup
Like in a just like JSX well, I don't know
I feel like you can get a similar experience without having to have created a new file format that astro
Yeah, yeah, it wouldn't be as like slick, but then don't you have the issue then of like
So if it's a JS file with HTML in it, then you still have the issue of a custom LSP, right?
Or now it wouldn't be any different than like a react file or like so it would be just JSX
Yeah, just JSX and I could just use exports
To control what's what yeah, I mean astro does feel a lot like JSX
Like they took a lot of same syntax stuff like for templating and all that stuff embedding stuff in there
I think it literally is just JSX right. Oh, is it? I thought no, it's HTML. It's not like class name. It's class. It's like
actual HTML attributes the class that what you're describing there is a
It's like a react specific thing cuz it's solid. Oh, that's not a JSX thing. No like JSX. I don't know exactly how is it fine, but
like solids JSX flavor looks different and then reacts and
JSX and the JSX part is of like let like allowing you like make JavaScript and
Like those XML type tags. I think it's like just that and you can have whatever tags you want whatever attributes on those tags you want
I actually just used
JSX on the back end without react. I needed to render
render a PDF so I was like let me just render let me just return some HTML and I can turn that into a PDF and
I
didn't want to learn any of these
HTML templating languages like you know all those ones that are from like what no like like I don't even know like
Pugs or like mustache or like you know all those random. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah
Because I just need to generate some HTML in the bag and my HTML is more complex than I get can just use like a string
It's like more complex than I have loops and all that stuff. It's like I like JSX. It makes sense
So I found a library. I think it's called VHML
You know how when JSX gets compiled just gets compiled a bunch of function calls that like create the elements
And you can swap out that function call so by default they'll go to react
But you can swap it out with a very simple implementation that just takes a tag and turns into a string
So if I was gonna call VHML, and I was like returning
JSX from a lambda function and that just got
That one of my parts of client as a as HTML
It was great actually cuz I don't need state or any of the complex stuff
I just needed to like render static HTML dynamically. So is that I mean, doesn't that RSC's we should talk about all that stuff, right?
I mean, just the current react
Do we have to maybe we don't have to maybe we could just this could be it
We just we said we should talk about then we talk about something else and then we put it in the title like react to drama
Let's talk about why we're not talking about it. Oh, well why I don't want to talk about it
All right. Oh, okay, can you also remind me can you remind me later that we need to talk about HTML?
I just want to know your thoughts on HTML X if you ever used it, and why they're so good it means. Okay, go ahead
They're just more drama slash whatever with next JS and the migration to
App router and all this stuff. I don't care to talk about it because it's just so boring. It's just like I
Was ranting about this yesterday
I was like this is such a boring topic and it is the only topic that ever comes up
We're just always talking about next JS. We're always pretending to care about it
We're always like micro analyzing every little thing everything goes right
Does it bother you because you you think like a marketer and you think like they're not doing the the cool new ways of marketing
They keep getting all the buzz people keep talking about their thing
When they're not even progressive and like doing all the cool marketing stuff. I haven't even had like a metaphor like that
I just took a basic reaction of like this is just boring like this is just
It's just like your front end like you just it's just like the tiniest most irrelevant part of your staggy like you're gonna serve a run
I just don't count how much can we talk about how much can we dissect and like analyze this and think about it's just
it's way too much and I
Just don't care. I just do not do not care. I'm tired of pretending to care. I've never used next JS
I'm not going to use next JS. I never will use next year. Do you are you pretending to care?
I have not seen you pretend to care. You mostly don't care and you're very vocal about that, right?
I need to understand what's happening so I can have the right context for coming. We support next JS
We need to understand what's going on. Yeah, for my strategy around it
But it's just like who it's just why
Why is it talking about it's for most people. It's like a very small portion of their stack
Yeah, for a small amount of people. What's their whole stack? It's their whole stack. Yeah, sure
There's and the biggest users of next JS, which are like these e-commerce sites agencies that like build e-commerce sites
There's not even on Twitter. So I'm just like why why why are we just talking about over and over? Yeah, I don't know
What this one the specific
topic like the more granular
Is that it's not stable because it react it's a canary release etc etc. That's a worse part
It's like they're so little to talk about this topic the only thing that we can devolve into is like a conversation about semantics
Like what does stable mean? Does it mean this? Yeah, it technically means this but I feel like it means this and it's just like
That's the conversation and to me it's summarized very simply
I don't give a shit about a technicality words
People are having a tough time moving to app router
There's a wide range of reasons for that you can talk and think your way out of that or like why they're technically wrong
It just doesn't matter because there are some percentage of people that are having a tough time
That's really all there is to this
And I don't really think there's any more I have too many things
I want to say in response to that and it hurts
I hate this situation on a podcast where there's like four things I want to talk to you about and I gotta like order them
Or can I just list them on you pick? I'm gonna list them on you pick
Okay, well, I already said a shimex that's not in response to that but do you here's one of the topics
Do you think we'll ever run out of this is just a question do you think we'll ever run out of things to talk about like
Will there ever be a moment where like?
There's nothing to talk about not on this podcast like on tech Twitter or just like in the tech community
So that's one thing the other thing was I don't know react
So do you think there's ways they could have like leaned more into being good for spas
Which is what most people use react for or everybody uses react for?
Like was there any more like low-hanging fruit or like progress to be made there or is that why they're going to the server?
Because they ran out of stuff to do. That's another question
Third thing I want to talk about dinosaurs and I know that sounds super random
But I yesterday was blown away by this thought that how do we know what dinosaurs look like?
We don't because look at an animal skeleton. It looks nothing like the animal like nothing like all the dinosaurs are all thin and
Ripped and like the just muscle and skin but like look at an elephant you would never guess an elephant look that way
So sorry, I just I went into the whole top. I have a lot of thoughts on that one. I'm excited for that one
Okay, yeah, yeah, so that was so pick you any of those really that was three no HCMX was another one
Okay, so I'll start with the first one which what I already forgot
There's like a couple react things that are super boring and who cares do we want to even talk about reacting more?
Let's get to the let's get to those real quick. Well, okay, I don't I don't remember
the first one was
Oh, do you think we're running things to talk about are there ever slow newsdays on tech Twitter?
Go ahead definitely death. I was thinking about that. I was showering this morning
I was like I was again just thinking
Actually, I'm like to be honest I myself haven't said anything that interesting in a while
I haven't really seen anyone else saying anything that interesting in a while
I feel like we're in a slump right now, and it's I was stuck on like the stupid tail when thing is coming up yet again
I think the week before that was something about his program
I actually miss a whole this whole thing is programming fun thing. It's just like the same stupid top
It's falling up. Yeah, so I think we are actually in a slump. There's nothing new or interesting so I was like what so milk
So that's I mean, there's a little bulk apparently. It's a no-coversation. Yeah, yeah
So I do work so bored. Yes, we I think we are very bored right now
And can I just say that I feel like like the older I get the more bored I get with like
All of it, and I wonder how much of like the tech discourse on Twitter is people who've been doing this a long time
I don't maybe not but are we all just collectively getting more bored over time is that like the galaxy's moving further away?
Eventually, we'll all just be so bored. We're not even on Twitter. I've maybe like there's like maybe there's just a certain
Because these topics keep coming up and eventually when you first enter this space
It's like 80% of the stuff you see is new and I feel like over time
It's just like you know less and less of that is new and like 10% when you see is new and I definitely feel that right now
I'm just like this conversation again. I can almost like guess all the replies and guess all the things at this point
The first thing the second thing
Are they bored of react or they just don't react speeds? That's actually I never thought about that
Maybe maybe like yeah react SPA has been fine for a while now
In terms of the their current model. I don't know what else is needed
So yeah, maybe they just got bored and they're like, okay, we're gonna move to the server now. Yeah, I mean, it's like
I don't know. It feels like they didn't have to do this. Why did they make the decision to like
Completely shift gears and really cater to like whole different use cases
With this move to the server stuff
I don't know like why why go through all that pain if they're not really just like either really convicted or really bored
That's my that's my prediction. Maybe we can just blame Alex Russell. You know what I'm talking about. Yeah, I know
Microsoft yeah, yeah, because he
Forever had just been angrily shouting about how
Every all these people use SPH inappropriately, which is yeah your thing
And he's like he'll always roast the react team over and over about it. It's just like hammer them like insults
Yeah, and maybe it worked. Maybe the react team was like, you know what they finally yeah, and now they're like okay, that's with SSR. I'm just like
All right, you guys do your thing. I don't know. It just it feels the detach from anything I care about
Which is what makes it even worse like I don't like it's not even that I
Don't like is boring, but I have to use it like I don't have to use it and I find it boring
Double whammy. Yeah, can you tell me about HTML X because when you talk about like a simple templating whatever whatever it sounds like
Is that kind of an HTML X or they make it more simple to do minimal JavaScript?
What is HTML X teach told me I forgot I think they make it simpler to do minimal JavaScript
I haven't used it in anything so I can't really talk about too much, but it does remind me of how I used to build
I can't remember what it was, but I
Definitely remember back in the day. I would build stuff in a way where
Like an asynchronous request would go from the front end the back end return like a partial
Like a partial HTML and then the front end swap out a node
Yeah, some note on the screen with it. I remember doing that pattern
Same and I think and maybe I made from a ASP days or what yeah, Ajax. Yeah, so I think HMX is just like a
Modern better take on that and my formalizing some of those patterns and it looks it looks pretty cool again
I just never built anything that
That makes sense for yeah, sure. They're really good at Twitter. They're so good. He's so fun
Yeah, it's because the guy is the Grug the Grug guy Grug guy. I don't know you say it
I've only read it okay. Have you ever seen that website? That's like
It's like a comedy website, but he makes like interesting points about software engineering where like he acts out one person
That's a caveman. Yeah, that's that guy. I think cuz a Twitter handle is this is his grub something
I don't really so I think it's I think that's that guy and that guy's like so funny
I mean those those things are oh, yeah, that's great communicate. I'd usually well
So I think that that's why okay, so the Mount Rushmore of developer marketing
We've got HMX definitely we've got drizzle drizzle we've got SST who's that fourth? Who's the fourth?
Now rush more I think fly might and make might make it up there cuz there. Oh, that was a good blog post
I saw that yeah, cuz I posted it the other day and
It was a fundraising announcement every company does the same boring announcement of like we raised 20 million dollars from
Andreessen Horowitz and we're excited to use this in a very unique way to hire people and build features
It's just like the most boring generic thing ever and I'm sure the SST
Announcement for our seat was probably very similar
The fly one was so funny. It was like so like funny and self-aware of how like boring these usual are and they were like
They actually communicated interesting stuff well, but like everywhere line was like a joke and it was funny. It was great. So
Yeah, they did a fantastic job with that post well link the blog post will link it in our show notes
I can say things like that now and Chris will just do it. It's awesome. Nice. Yeah
So I think I think they go up that means very it's not like they're not like as weird as drizzle or ancient mixes
But I will say I have never read a fun one. I don't read like I hate reading articles. I just skim
So what kind of articles that often to hell? No, I'm not reading a fundraising article
But somehow I read like every single line of this
This fundraising article and it was it was great. It was really interesting and it's also like I had I think just
Lumped fly as like it's containers. So I don't think about it or care or know anything about it
It was interesting to read through some of that and think about the different like angles of they talk about edge
They talk about this stuff that they're very self-aware themselves in the industry. There's definitely some cool stuff that you can build under that model
Like we were thinking about doing so because ssc as a product seed which is a ci tool and a thing
I hate about every single ci tool is we've made them totally stateless. So there's always like
Set stuff you want to cash and there's a good restore cash set up and that's supposed to make it faster
But then that's like download the cash blah blah. I miss the good old days of having just a stateful ci machine that would just
Like sync the code and like it once it built and it was done
It was a resume from there the next time you got you did it push everything would just be fast
Building a ci tool on fly would be great. You just give every project a container
It spins up or zooms from where it was spins down if there's some issue with like state corrupting things
You can blow it away whatever so yeah, there are some cool things you can build I kind of see them as like
They're like the cloud further approaching
Like the cloud flare but for like the container model, which yeah, we'll be practicing
I didn't know they were on their own hardware. That's you have to be yeah, yeah, that's the thing that I
one of the things that I think is a lot of these
companies in their category
basically
Simplified cloud. I mean they're fed to the simplified cloud. Yeah, a lot of them
Most of them don't own their own hardware. Most of them are selling. Yeah. Yeah, sure well versatile is at least serverless
So it's a little bit different but the ones that are more container based
Like railway or like render they're built on top of AWS or gcp whatever it is
I don't think those business are viable period because I just don't think the margins are there to
Do that. Well, and they actually in the flies blog post they very clearly spelled that out where like yeah
We have done our own our own hardware. Otherwise this whole thing like the margins doesn't make sense
Yeah, so it was cool to see that that validated and I think they're the only ones that are really going to succeed
With that move for that reason
Okay, so can you uh, that's everything but the dinosaurs. Can we tell you what the dinosaurs real quick? Yes, okay
So I love this topic because have you seen uh, the artist's renditions of like rhinos? Yes
Is that my wife showed it to me yesterday? Yeah, yes
That's what this conversation came from. Yeah, just for so people have context
Someone did an exercise where they showed artists
Skeletons of like animals that are alive today like hippos and stuff and these animals have really crazy skeletons
And they the artists guessed what the animal looked like and they drew all these crazy
Sci-fi looking things that looked way cooler than the actual animal is
Yeah
And and yeah, it kind of goes to illustrate how difficult it is to infer too much just from the bones
Yeah, like you take an elephant skull. You would have no idea has these giant ears and this giant trunk
Yeah, like it just they have the tusks, but they end up when they draw these types of things. It looks like a dinosaur
It's like all gaunt and like freaky looking
Yeah, so the but the one thing I will say is uh, so have you seen have you guys watched?
prehistoric planet yet
Uh, oh the second yes, we saw the first one. We didn't know all the dinosaurs are chubby now
Oh, they already started like incorporating this idea into
Yeah, because if you think about the thing you were saying earlier like they're all like skeletal and like ripped
Uh-huh and that's a dinosaur. I remember from being a kid like the models
I had or like Jurassic Park. Yeah stuff. They don't look cool anymore. They all look kind of chubby
Like a hippo. You look at a hippo skull. You would never guess
Yeah, how giant a hippo is
So I do think they're working with more than the bone because if I remember the way the fossils work
Fossils aren't literally the bone. They're like the imprint of the brain
So I think the imprint might also sometimes contain like
the full shape of
Their creature at least like the out or like to some degree potentially I thought I read that it's like the skin and all the tissue
Would shrivel really fast to the bones. So any fossils. Well, it's kind of like a footprint, right?
Like we have footprint fossils. Oh, that's true. The footprint wouldn't be just the bone. It would be
The full shape. Okay, so we do we do actually in some cases know the outline of some of these dinosaurs
Yeah, but I do agree that there's so it's so hard to infer some of these things like colors
Yeah, even that prehistoric planet thing most of what they do is
Look at the hints they have and try to map it to behaviors that exist in almost today
And they're like, okay, it's probably some more behavior
Thing with the t-rex arms yet. No, I don't like that. It was we haven't finished first episode. Okay. It was a
It's like the most ridiculous part of it because the whole thing is
We've always asked like why do t-rex have these tiny stupid stupid arms
And it's like especially in uh in that show they really show how small and stupid they're because dangerous like kind of fat and chubby
And it's got these like useless little things that are just hanging off of it
So there
They haven't seen where these two t-rexes go up to each other ones male one female
And the male just like leans his head up and looks up all the way up
And then opens his arms and starts flapping them like the stupidest way ever
And the and the inside of the arms are uh are like highly colored
Uh, so it's some kind of like mating thing and like it like there's some creature
Some like creature that is alive today that mates in that in that way, but it looks so stupid
Like this cannot this cannot be what the explanation is, but you know, it might be who knows who knows
What's crazy is it like a hundred years ago or maybe it was a little longer
But it wasn't that long ago people didn't even know dinosaurs existed like
There've not been that many generations aware of the dinosaur bones. Have you seen that when was it the first
Dinosaur bone discovered it was like a hundred years ago, wasn't it?
I don't know exactly, but I know our depictions of dinosaurs before
Made them look really stupid like they were like really slow moving or like they were like kind of too upright
All right
I remember like the way we shaped them, but I don't think the first dinosaur bones discovered that because i'm pretty sure that
There's 1677 in europe actually further uh further ago than I realized if you're reading eurocentric history, maybe
Where do you think dragons came from? Yeah, where did dragons come from? Oh, did they come from dinosaurs?
Maybe I just made this entirely up, but isn't it that they just found
skulls
and
They were like oh, so they found dinosaur skulls. They just didn't
Published them in articles. That's my I don't know. That's my bad guy. There's made this entirely interesting
I mean there is a lot of overlap between a dragon and a dinosaur. They don't exist today
And what's the other overlap? I don't know. They're reptiles. I don't know. Okay, there's a lot of overlap
I don't know what it is, but there's a bunch. Yeah
This funny thing, which is always like I always forget dragons. Yeah, it's like to her like the back of her head
They're just some like exact animal. She's like wait. No, they're like not real unicorns. I don't have that problem
Unicorn is so stupid like I feel like
They didn't do enough to make it a mythical horse. Yeah
I mean the rainbow. That's not that exciting
Colorful and sparkly nature of a unicorn
Did I make that up? Is that like a specific unicorn?
Are you just grabbing the background?
Colorful, I guess what would be colorful? They're they're their tails a horn color
They're like mains and their tails a rainbow colored aren't they? Maybe I don't know
I'm just thinking about like a harry potter unicorn, which is just like a horse with the horn on it
I think it also has blood that can keep you alive forever. So that's right
When you said that, I didn't know what you're talking about in harry potter until until the blood thing what's keeping them. Yeah, I remember that
My mom says this funny thing about dinosaur is where it's like too ridiculous to her
Like it's such a good weird concept that they exist so that she just can't even believe they're real
Like she knows they're real but like her mind just rejects the notion of it being real and I kind of get it like what?
Like there's one. Yeah, it is bizarre
And it does like we've done some studies or something right to like make sure that things don't just grow
Over a long period of time like bones in the ground. They don't just like swell
Like these things
Yeah, yeah, well things used to be so big
Everything that's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying
One interpretation is that things used to always be so big but other interpretation is
Things were little and they swell over time
Like seems like a possible, I don't know avenue of scientific research. Yeah, it's I
My like feeling around it is like nature we're just trying. They're like we're gonna try to make stuff really big and then nature was like
Doesn't work together. Yeah, let's try
Everything gets smaller better over time
So we're gonna accomplish the same thing and more when this in a smaller smaller size
I mean, I think I have looked this up in their theories at least with the bugs thing that there is more
Oxygen like the oxygen in the air like more oxygen and causing some grow bigger
But I do think but that doesn't really explain like stuff like dinosaurs being big
I just think it was a go random thing. It was just like randomly stuff was just getting bigger for no
Really random just because it could I mean as long as it can survive like it can just like why not stuff just gets bigger and
Bigger you are the scarier you are. I guess I just assumed there are like dinosaurs on other planets too like
I don't know. I've just I've taken a very earth centered view of the universe and I've decided
This is the path life starts a little tiny bacteria turns into dinosaurs and then really smart monkeys
All planets all over that's what's happening. Oh, you're convinced that's a case. Yeah. Yeah
No, I don't know
Well, the thing that I think about is that uh
As one of those Fermi paradox things that it's so natural. Wait. What was it? You just said it so fast Fermi
Fermi paradox could you explain what that is for all of us who don't know paradoxes and principles
It's like given the size and age of the universe. Why isn't it like overflowing with life like probability?
Why is it should be yeah, but why isn't it? So there's like all these theories and one theory is that
On earth, it's so natural for us to think of it as
The smarter you are the more of an advantage you have and like the better your species does
So over time there's a pressure on things getting smarter and smarter and smarter. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm
But it's possible that
There's something about earth that makes that uniquely true in other
Planets with life. It could be that the taller you are
The more likely you're to survive or like the harder your skin is and more like
Oh interesting. So yeah, even if this even if life has been around for billions of years
The result wouldn't be a species that can travel space. It would just be a species. That's like really tall or something. Yeah
So it could be that intelligent life is like a unique property if it's a unique advantage on earth and maybe not as much
The advantage anywhere else interesting. That's really interesting. I'm just thinking about it. I don't have anything to say in response
I was listening
Wow, that's a very wow moment. We've talked about aliens again. Go ahead
Yeah, I guess I think when we did all this stuff everything we just talked about was vastly more interesting than anything going on
And on tech - way more interesting. This is why we're talking about it
And this is why we've hardly talked about tech for three weeks. We're in a slump
It's just a little tech slump. There's just like not much going on
It's like I follow the NFL for them reasons like I don't know. I just I like Patrick Mahomes. Okay, he's cool
Uh, so I follow like that whole season and I listened to podcasts and there's nothing to talk about in the NFL right now
There's just literally nothing so they just make stuff where they talk about what they make stuff up
They're like what if you could take one player from every team and make a super team
Who would you pick? It's like dumb stuff like that. You can just talk about randomly
We need to do stuff like that. We need to have little like yeah, you could do that
I would just say we could do literally that. Oh wait literally what
For the NFL players. No, no, no, no, not not that literally
Take make a company you can draft people you can draft two people from any existing company like software engineers
Create a new team. Anyone anyone. Oh, like a fake startup like a startup simulator. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Why is that not a thing? Oh, yeah. Like super like super uh, mockumentary style like making fun of
You know, you have fantasy startup. Yes
How would you score what would be the way to score points that I would be like uh product market fit?
I don't know product market fit. That's how you I don't like score point
Dollars raised who just don't really could follow week to week. Yeah. Yeah, money raised. I think is a good one
Like getting like dunking on twitter. That's like another
Three points a good meme a good a good tech meme now. Yeah. Yeah PR has merged PR's. Sure
GitHub green boxes filled
Oh, you somebody make it please that users. I would say users, but no one has any of those. Yeah
We just created the worst the worst game ever, but it should exist
Should definitely be a thing. Yeah, I was thinking about how like in tech
people who start like becoming
Creators or public like influential people in tech just talk about tech
Why like is that every industry like do doctors just talk about
Do they just talk to doctors about doctor things? No, I see doctors explaining like concepts to me
Why is why are we not doing that in tech? Why are we not like talking to anybody outside of tech?
It's just
Our audience is tech after this conversation. I was like, I just kind of artificially limited what I talk about
I think I
In my head, I'm like, I go wider than most people because I talk about tech and also stuff on the business side
Yeah, but that still is pretty narrow and the grand scheme of things like why aren't I talking about?
Dinosaurs and aliens and stuff like that might as well. We should just we should do that
It's just a job. We just happen to work in tech, but we're people. Yeah, we're just yeah two guys having a podcast
I'm sorry my wife. She uh she made fun of me today something about how we were two bros on a podcast
I was like, I'm offended. I wasn't really so she made fun of me also
Well, it was like it well, okay. Here's what happened
She wanted me to listen to this podcast which I am but the episode is like two hours and 38 minutes or something
It's like a one podcast episode and it's like almost three hours like watching a Lord of the Rings movie
And I said something I was like two hours and 38 minutes like I listened fast
But like that's a long podcast. She's like, well, it's like science. They have stuff to talk about
It's not just two bros on a podcast
That one to hurt cut me deep. Hey, we are two engineers. Oh, we're soft in one of the old
Professions the one of the oldest professions what? I don't know engineers. I don't know
It's funny just don't think of
Yeah, software engineering and prostitution to the oldest profession
History
So this the point I'm trying to make is like
I feel like
Tech needs some ambassadors controlling the messaging to the outside world
Like software developers
A lot of misunderstandings a lot of people don't know what it is every time I meet someone
What do you do? I'm a software developer. What is software? What is developer? What is like?
People around here have no idea and I'm thinking it's because we're not telling people
We're just talking to each other every tech influencer just makes stuff for people that know what they're talking about
Why not let's explain computers to people. Maybe someone's already doing this. I'm sure someone is every time I think something like this
I find out there's like 10 people doing it
Well, you wouldn't be the audience for that. Yeah, I guess not. Yeah, I mean, it is funny because you're right
Explaining what a software engineer does is like for people that don't work in the space or even adjacent to the space
Very mysterious
That's already hard then explaining how I spend my day or how you spend my day is like 10 times harder than that because they're like
The people call my house. They're like why do you have like this fancy camera on this mic and there's lighting in your room
And I'm like oh, I'm a software engineer like
I just it's okay. Just it's too hard to explain. It's not worth explaining
It's weird. It's not an interest rate phenomenon, right?
That's not like every all of us having mics and cameras is not just a tech had too much money for a little while kind of thing
Maybe it is maybe it's exactly where you personally it is. Yeah
Wow, I definitely bought all this stuff in that phase where I was making way too much money
Yeah, same. Do you feel like the interest rate situation like I still feel like it hasn't happened yet like the real
impact of what just transpired in terms of fiscal policy the drastic change
I still feel like the economy and everything else seems to be going too. Well
For what I feel like just happened
It's Silicon Valley bank crashing the only fallout from this whole thing like I feel like 10 years of print
Not printing. I'm not that guy. It's like 10 years of quantity easing stimulus all the like injecting
capital into
A system and then shutting that off. I feel like it should be like a seismic effect and it has not been
Yeah, well the goal of the fed was not to have a seismic effect. They were going for a really crazy
I mean, okay. The issue is the economy is overheated, right? It's like yeah doing too well
And they wanted to slow that down
You can only really slow that down by
Pushing in the negative direction, but I think they didn't want to push it too far in a direction
So there is a version of all that and what we want know what exactly is going to happen for a while
Yeah, uh, there's a version of all this where they actually were very successful in their goal
They just slowed it down
I forgot what they called it. They made so up some new word that they were aiming for
They slowed it down without
Going into like a deep recession or depression. That's their goal
They didn't really want to go there, but they have to go close to it
So it's possible. They like landed the plane exactly perfectly. Okay
As weird as that is to believe that that is
Let me let me ask you this maybe it's just the impact in tech
But I don't feel like has been felt in the way. I thought I mean, I know there's been a lot of layoffs
so
Uh, I'm not trying to have kids. Oh, then the chat is good
It's it's just starting to hit the react team right now
Okay, so let's just say
There are a million devrels. I have no idea how many devrels there are if there's even like a title
That you can like actually I don't know
Uh, let's say there's a million. How many do you think they'll be in five years?
I have no idea
I feel like I felt it in tech heavily
Oh, just like the layoffs or other things
No, not the layout
Well, because this
The space that I operate in is the first to get influence which is a startup like startup funding all that stuff
Yeah, the entire conversation around fundraising is like a thousand percent different than it was for the last five years
Uh, and it actually feels great because it's like a return to normalcy
Yeah, so I feel like that happened in like the course of a year
And I don't want it to go any further because I think we're in like a good place right now
Uh, someone messing with me the other day. They're taking much of BC meetings and they were like
man
BCs don't care about growth or traction like they just want to see revenue numbers. I'm like
Oh, yeah, like that makes that actually makes a lot of sense. Like that's not weird. That's normal
Uh, yeah, but so different from how you would raise money before and I'm happy with it because
For the past five years, it's been a mystery
Like if I wanted to go raise money. I didn't get it. I was like, I see a good business
They're not able to raise money. I see a stupid business. They're raising a shit ton of money
Yeah, I don't understand how to do this. Yeah, doesn't make it. There's like no logical plan
Now it's like returning back to like, yeah, if you have a good business, you get to raise more money
Yeah, if you have a shitty business and don't have a good model, you don't get to raise money
So yeah, that should be I felt that there and that's where the most of the craze was happening
So yeah, that space got impacted very hard a lot of ecs are gonna go bust and it's gonna be brutal
um, I think every layer down is just less
Jurassic of an impact, but you know millions of people did get laid off right so
It's a good idea. Yeah. No, I don't know where are we in the layers? Are we lower or higher?
You said every layer down is less less dramatic of an impact layer. Do we operate in?
Yeah, how much impact are we getting who's we because I think like I said me being the sort of space
I think I was closer to to the oh, we're not in the same layer. We're in different layers
I don't know what layer you're in. I don't know what you do every day. I don't layer you in
Is this like the OSI model kind of like seven layers? Are we talking like a how many layers like a three layer cake?
What are we talking?
How is this going to affect me dax me? It's about me. I don't understand any of your
Finances income. I don't understand any of it. So I have no idea how to affect you
Okay, I believe I am closer to the sun than you are
The sun being like the sun is bad. Do you want to be close? The sun being the VCs and the
Pause of money there. I think I am closer to that. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, that makes sense
I don't know the dev real thing. I tried to like make you talk about everyone you just didn't take the bait
So now I'm trying again milky already posted
That clip of me for this week. So I'm at my limit on talking about dev real
Cliff. Yeah. No, I know
You're trying to walk the line and it's fun
It's fun to just watch you try and dodge all the questions
Well, I said this before there's no group of people are more terrified than dev rel because there are I could think of one group
At least one
I know things you've cut out. Sorry
Yeah, that's true. Yes, that's true
So, but I guess like here's my real question and you don't have to talk about if you don't want to talk about it
Just don't talk about it
But the stripe have a dev rel theme that they just like make good docs and then become like a trillion dollar company
Isn't that the model? Why are we all? I don't understand
They probably have people doing the role because I know one can define
Dev rel role
They probably have people doing that and focusing all their time on docs and SDKs and all that all that great stuff
That makes her probably great. Yeah, I just think they don't uh navel gaze about it
Where they don't have I think right. I think a very common split right now is like
Uh, someone's in developer relations role. They spent 20% of their time doing the job and then Ava's another time talking about the job
I think that's like a very
That thing that we see a lot. Yeah
Uh, I just maybe the stripe team just doesn't do that so we never hear hear from them, but they are
Incredibly good at the point of doing all this which is making developers happy to use your product and understand how to use it
Well
Uh, but yeah, I guess we never I don't know anyone with that's like, I'm a striped that row. Yeah, same
I just think of them as baby. I also got corrected yesterday. Someone was like you can't say uh dev rel because dev rel is developer
Relations, so you're saying uh developer relations how much shut
Shut up shut up
Shut up. Uh, it's funny
I have friends. I mean, I have good friends under the dev rel umbrella
So it's very hard to keep like throwing stuff on dev rel. Why are you laughing so hard?
Well, this is the exact thing where someone says something racist and they're like
Well, you know
No, I'm I'm not saying like
Oh, I have friends that are dev rel don't be offended
I'm saying like it's hard for me. I have so many things. I want to say about that idea
And it's it feels bad because I feel like i'm saying it directly to friends that
Good for them like great job. I have no
Uh qualms with you doing your job. It's more just the idea. Okay, so here's why I think that so that's exactly accurate
I feel it too like I like I know a lot of people in this role and
Uh, I hesitate to make fun of it for that reason but I thought about this the other day
I'm like I have no issue making fun of literally almost everything else like not my between two nerds thing
I do I make fun of all these people in the most direct possible way
And I'm like this is actually the most offensive thing about this
I'm okay making fun of them because to me it's clear that
They have so much value and security they can sit on on some level. I'm being condescending thinking
I can't make fun of this group because
Interesting implying that I think there may be more insecure about yeah about the role
The ultimate burn is not burning
I try to say I try to like uh, you know frame you that way when people are like that's so mean
I'm like no, it means he really likes you. I've I've gone to bat for you
I did see you post that tweet. I remember milky replying
What the hell? That's only been nice to me
And out of sheer coincidence, I just started making fun of them a lot more after that
That's awesome
Okay, I think we're done. I think we are. Yeah, that was good
Yeah, thanks sax. All right. Yeah, we'll see you later
You